= mechanize-content

Returns the most important pieces of content on a web page. Finds the best block of text, image and title by analysing the page content.

=== Usage

Pass in a URL on initialisation and then call the helpers to pull the best content out.

<tt>mc = MechanizeContent::Parser.new("http://www.joystiq.com/2010/03/19/mag-gets-free-trooper-gear-pack-dlc-next-week/")</tt>

<tt>mc.best_title</tt>

<tt>"MAG gets free 'Trooper Gear Pack' DLC next week -- Joystiq"</tt>

<tt>mc.best_text</tt>

<tt>"Ten-hut, soldiers! HQ has just sent word that some new gear will be shipping to the front lines of MAG next week, free of charge: the Trooper Gear Pack. In this parcel, we'll finally get access to the Flashbang grenade..."</tt>

<tt>mc.best_image</tt>

<tt>"http://www.blogcdn.com/www.joystiq.com/media/2010/03/580mage302.jpg"</tt>

The gem also supports multiple URLs and will find the best content between them. The order in which they are inserted determines priority.

=== Dependancies

* Mechanize
* imagesize

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 John Griffin. See LICENSE for details.
